Feature: Change speed of calendar progress (#10322)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_LARGE_ADVERTISING            :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Initiate a large local advertising campaign, to attract more passengers and cargo to your transport services.{}Provides a temporary boost to station rating in a large radius around the town centre.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}
STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_ROAD_RECONSTRUCTION          :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Fund the reconstruction of the urban road network.{}Causes considerable disruption to road traffic for up to 6 minutes.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}
STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_STATUE_OF_COMPANY            :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Build a statue in honour of your company.{}Provides a permanent boost to station rating in this town.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}
STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_NEW_BUILDINGS                :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Fund the construction of new buildings in the town.{}Provides a temporary boost to town growth in this town.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}

> STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_EXCLUSIVE_TRANSPORT          :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Buy 12 minute's exclusive transport rights in town.{}Town authority will not allow passengers and cargo to use your competitors' stations.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STR_LOCAL_AUTHORITY_ACTION_TOOLTIP_EXCLUSIVE_TRANSPORT          :{PUSH_COLOUR}{YELLOW}Buy 12 minutes of exclusive transport rights in town.{}Town authority will not allow passengers and cargo to use your competitors' stations.{}{POP_COLOUR}Cost: {CURRENCY_LONG}
```

Alternatively, if the apostrophe is to be kept, that part could instead say "Buy 12 minutes' exclusive transport rights ..."
